DOC-848: Document the new `language` UI in 5.9 (#2015)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes59.md

For information on the `toolbar_sticky_offset` option, see: [User interface options - toolbar_sticky_offset]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_sticky_offset).

### New `language` toolbar button and menu item in core

> {{site.productname}} 5.9 now supports multilingual content, using the `lang` attribute. There is a new `language` button available for toolbars, and a new `language` menu item, both configurable using the `content_langs` option. There is also a new `Lang` editor command to change the language of the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.productname}} 5.9 now supports multilingual content, using the `lang` attribute. There is a new `language` toolbar button, and a new `language` menu item, both configured using the `content_langs` option. There is also a new `Lang` editor command for changing the language of the selection.
```

> {{site.productname} 5.9 now supports multilingual content, using the `lang` attribute. There is a new `language` button available for toolbars, and a new `language` menu item (included by default in the format menu), both configurable using the `content_langs` option. There is also a new `ContentLanguage` editor command to change the language of the selection.

Reviewer 2: As per Lee's other comment - just checking, is this still included by default?

For information on:

- The `language` toolbar button, see: [Available Toolbar Buttons - The core toolbar buttons]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/available-toolbar-buttons/#thecoretoolbarbuttons).
- The `language` menu item, see: [Available Menu Items - The core menu items]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/available-menu-items/#the-core-menu-items).

> - The `content_langs` option, see: [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/content-appearance/#content_langs).

Reviewer 3: One more incorrect link...

> - The `ContentLang` editor command, see: [Commands available for {{site.productname}} - Core Editor commands]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/editor-command-identifiers/#coreeditorcommands).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The `Lang` editor command, see: [Commands available for {{site.productname}} - Core Editor commands]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/editor-command-identifiers/#coreeditorcommands).
```
